Parameters to be able to edit:

Global
------

Midi Channel
EXP A/B calibration

Number of IA switches (1 - 10)
Controller number for each assigned IA switch (to cater for on/off or X/Y control)
EXP A controller assignment
EXP B controller assignment
Running status on/off

Scene number for switches that aren't used for IA (or just limit to first N scenes)
  * Scene control should alternate with preset selection mode
  * Maybe hold down Preset/Scene buttons to change preset
    and a quick tap changes scene. General thought is that
    scene changes need to be quick, preset changes can be slower and are
    less frequent ?

This level of GLOBAL configuration means that basically, every preset just holds the
programme change number to tell the AXE to select a preset. Might not be flexible
enough in the short term, but, caters quickly for those who favour a traditional
pedalboard setup. And it's really simple to setup each preset. By default,
there will be a 1:1 mapping of Bank:preset to 1-384 program change.


Per Preset
----------

Program Change number
Switch 1 state
Switch 2 state

Program change # is awkward as you have to cater for the fact that,
because of 2-way sync with the Axe, if you turn the preset knob on
on the Axe and pick a preset linearly, what if the given preset isn't
represented in the programming of the FCB ? How will the FCB respond ?
Should the FCB always show the AXE preset number, and configure itself
accordingly ?  

2-way sync means FCB is always able to dynamically configure everything
from the Axe. Maybe select the preset from the Axe, and this configures
the buttons, etc. and puts the FCB straight into scene mode ? Current
bank and FCB preset index remains as it was.


Selecting a preset/bank
-----------------------

Press UP/enter or DOWN/escape to select a bank
7 segment display reflects the new bank number, maybe flash, or alternate with preset number
Pressing 1-10 buttons which are not in use for IA, will select that preset number in the new
bank.
Bank size is 10 minus the number of IA switches assigned

Tuner
-----

Hold UP/enter for 2.5s ?
Press UP/enter again to cancel ?

No actual Tuner started / stopped messages, just a flood of Tuner status messages while-ever
tuner is active. Detect tuner finished by absence of these messages for an arbitrary timeout
period.

Tap Tempo
---------

Tap active preset/scene button.


Sysex passthrough / midi merge
------------------------------

Needs more thought.


Existing FCB edit behaviour
---------------------------

To enter configuration mode:

1. Hold DOWN/escape while powering on
2. Use UP/enter to move between config pages
3. Hold DOWN/escape for 2.5s to save changes

Global
Direct Select
Midi Function
  * 1 - 10 indicate which functions midi channel to edit (led blinks)
  * UP/enter confirm function
  * Select channel using 1-10 or EXP A
  * DOWN/escape to cancel


Preset Edit

DOWN/escape for 2.5s with chosen preset selected
Activate which Midi function to edit by holding 1 - 10 down for 1.5s



